okay we're gonna try that again if there's still anybody out there who might be
checking this stream right now I am going to give you a sound check please or
I'll ask you for a sound check as long as we just had a little goof up there
anyone out there could give me a one two three sound check that would be great
five by five says left-handed monkey wrench I know you can hear me how's that
sink look though yeah okay yay here we go
oh look JC on the bike was timed out by Risa oh time out JC on the bike JC on
the bike it's JC on the bike it's JC on the bike yeah well I'm wise enough to
know when a chomp needs banning and I know just the one look at round it's JC on
the bike who says Vader didn't study music in college
so what I argued I believe I came up with this independently but I believe
Peter McCullough has mentioned it's something similar as his Jonathan
Cooey
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're feeling with essentially a
worst case scenario I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing
with essentially a worst case scenario where you know I'm wearing the masks
when I'm required to so that's the best I can do with that I have no
particular insight with regards to this pandemic
scene if you think about it you know if we're defining vaccine really
liberally and these COVID vaccines are vaccines the flu vaccines vaccine okay
but actually they're kind of cheating when they're calling these things vaccines
and you know anything with really rapidly fading efficacy such that you need
shots within a year you know Canada saying nine months is as actually JJ
Cooey's insistence and I think he's right on calling them
transfections rather than vaccines it doesn't matter much at all what you
believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones you know until we
have a pandemic that's killing everyone you know and you know it's not it's you
know measles plus and okay I can tolerate what you think about measles
because you know not that many people die from it it's just a big hassle in
the end but no one when we have this new pandemic that is you know got 75
percent mortality and it's not it's that there'll be no pretense of being polite
in the face of these beliefs it'll be a moral emergency because it has to be
and this is just sheer contingency as to whether we're in one condition or
another I mean it was so
the schedule for 16 minutes next is going on French British Italian Japanese
television people everywhere are starting to listen to him it's embarrassing is
there an architect named Arthur Vandalay in the in the chat that's pretty that's
pretty amazing
or what I want is high morbidity I want people to complain so what do I do I go
to Des Moines ladies and gentlemen of people on the screen I have nothing
against them I go to Des Moines testing testing I go to Seattle I infect a
couple of cases there I go to North Carolina I go to Wisconsin what I'm
doing is I'm using a dispersion methodology to be able to infect sentinel
cases with a highly morbid condition these individuals complain again this
is a central nervous system condition
you
this is going to be a little awkward
sorry about that I'm gonna have to do it a little awkwardly there cuz I'm doing
two different things here once thanks very much for joining me tonight this is
giga-owned biological a high-resistance low-noise information brief brought to
you by a biologist
the point is to get everybody to understand what happened and you can
only really see it from this far away as easy as you can see it it's okay that
not everybody saw it in year three it really is okay that not everybody
saw it in year three but it's not okay that there are people who don't see it
in 2024 in year five just not by the end of this year it's got to be common
knowledge these things have to be common
I think the best way to talk about it is that there was no spread New York City
infectious clones are the only real RNA thread placebo batches were likely
distributed in transfection healthy mammals is dumb the protocols were
probably murder gain a function is definitely a mythology the Scooby-Doo
mystery is real it's a national security theater and it requires this
particular commitment to life and it is it is working exceedingly well
good evening ladies and gentlemen this is giga-owned biological a high-resistance
low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist is January 8th 2024
my name is Jonathan Cooley and I am that biologist I realize now that I
didn't update the scroll there at the top so it's still the old one from the
other day I apologize to the actually quite maybe three or four people that
recently signed up and so I should have updated that a little bit and I do
apologize tomorrow that'll be better let me just play some things here and
stop some things here and get over here with this thing and okay that should be
out and now we do a different one I hope this finds everybody well I hope you're
not stressed by your life I hope you're not stressed in your family I hope the
main thing is that you can focus on trying to get this stuff out to other
people I hope that in general your biggest problems are are are I hope your biggest
problems are coaching basketball and and challenging work problems that have to
do with how to get your next promotion and what to do when you're done
finishing when you're finished paying off with your mortgage I really hope
that there are lots of people that watch this show that are in that scenario where
where their life is pretty stable and they're able to feel some freedom to act
and I think I understand why a lot of people can feel as though there's not
they don't have any real choice they can barely keep up with their bills they're
there in fact way behind on their bills they're just able to keep up with
maintaining their the illusion of keeping up with their bills so much of our
world today is based on an illusion how many of the cars do we see on the
street in Pittsburgh and around the United States are leased cars that don't
belong to the person that's driving them even though they behave as though they
do and how many of those cars that we see are over leased leveraged sorry
over leveraged you know crazy over sticker price kind of things underwater
loan agreements that you know look real nice as they drive down the street but
in reality are a financial ruin waiting to happen the United States and a lot
of the Western world is is riding on this thin ice of fractional reserve
banking and debt and it can't be sustained forever and I think that's
part of their excuse for why the West needs to be controlled demolished so
this is the safest way to get the biology that will kind of help you
break through this illusion into your head and I think it's important to see
that I don't think that this is only biological I don't think that they
plan to govern us simply by a biological mythology what I think is
spectacular about this aspect of this future style of governance is that it
is based around a mythology that studious well-read
properly trained biologists that understand that there is a certain level
of complexity that can't be distilled anymore that that there is a certain
level of beauty that exists inside of that irreducible complexity that really
is the heart of biology and it is the layer upon layer upon layer of pattern
integrity that that forms the metabolic symphony that is the inside of a single
cell never mind the many different tissues and sub tissues that make up
who we are as as physical beings and then we think about all the physiology
that we don't understand the the ionic electricity that that is used
fundamentally to orchestrate all of the metabolism and physiology of our bodies
but also the second-by-second or millisecond-by-millisecond nervous
system monitoring and control of our behavior and so all of these things in
my mind make it the reason why you would want to study biology you might also
want to study the chemistry and the physics that underlie it but ultimately
that's the the sort of the universe's finest expression of the the orchestration
of physics and chemistry is biology and that's also the very tempting nature of
biology to think that you understand it when you're trying to understand from
the level of biology all the while understanding that underpinning that
our entire entire layers of understanding that you don't grasp as a biologist I
can't explain to you the the the fine details of the organic all the organic
chemistry that goes on at the cellular level all the organic chemistry that
goes on just for for for hormones alone is enough for me to say you know to
tap out and say that's not my my thing I could read up on it but the chemistry
at that level is spectacular the chemistry at the level of a membrane of a cell
is spectacular and I'm not an expert in any of those things but as a biologist
I think in conceptual terms that try to ride on top of these physics and
chemically physics and chemistry principles but that's the illusion of
being a biologist there are many times where if our physics and chemistry isn't
sufficient to properly direct our understanding and our our interrogation
of these biological ideas or these biological observations then we don't
properly test those hypotheses and can get down very deep into a cave of
mythology where we just don't really understand where we went wrong but
somehow we got much farther away from the goal and then we wanted to with this
line of investigation and biology is especially dangerous for that and that's
why I do think that there are better ways to get it in your head than then
direct incision and insertion the pandemic was created by an elaborate
national security theater and I'm not suggesting to you for one second that
this national security theater on in principle and on paper was not for a
good reason in the event of an emergency like Sam Harris described on
December 19th 2019 on Brett Weinstein's eighth podcast the idea of a circulating
pathogen that no one's ever seen before that kills 75% of the people that get
infected will create a moral emergency where mandatory vaccination may be
required of course this whole set this whole scenario that that Sam proposes
in that odd podcast do beously close to the beginning of the pandemic the the
whole thing that he proposes there assumes that a completely safe and
highly effective vaccine would become available and that the the rolling it
out would have you know strict quality controls it assumes a whole bunch of
things that aren't true or likely not even possible that he knows nothing about
in terms of scaling up manufacturing of a pharmaceutical product never mind a
heretofore never prepared lipid nanoparticle emulsion kind of thing and so
the pandemic was essentially created it was that it was a story told in such a
way an emergency announced in such a way because governments had previously
rehearsed the idea that staying on narrative would be so important in the
event of a terrible emergency but in the reality of whatever was happening here
the worst case scenario response was activated and the worst case scenario
response I want to argue included included having people already in place
to control a number of aspects of the way the narrative would unfold and that's
what the Scooby-Doo thing is all about they made it so that there were things
in place and we would feel as though we were solving a mystery in real time
that just like the governments of the world that were taken by surprise by
this novel virus that suddenly seems to have been released in China or escaped
in China or leaked in China or spilled in China or sprayed in China we were all
surprised by it we were all taken we don't we all knew nothing we could
only guess what was going on and this narrative was very cleverly seated by
different research lines different funding schemes but those funding schemes
were cleverly enough pretty transparent and out in the open right there in the
acknowledgments and so it was easy for anyone with Google and the internet and
PubMed to trace these things back and go hey wait a minute look what they did in
2015 and if they really thought that what they were doing was dangerous of
course they would have written it in the paper but somehow or another it was all
right there for us with the with the enrichment of Avian flu in 2011 and with
the with the SARS viruses in in 2015 with the chimeric viruses with with the
WIV and so I would argue that those things didn't really prove the existence
of pandemic viruses they didn't even prove the distance of pandemic
potential they may have at best proved the existence of RNA signals that could be
misconstrued as something more than they are especially if you wanted to use
proprietary algorithms in something called metagenomic sequencing and then
they conducted all these exercises to convince a bunch of people in government
and in the bureaucracies around the world that this was a real issue and they've
done doing that for decades and then finally at the start of the pandemic a
real key issue here is that in the plan to have a horse race of
transfection technologies be the go-to countermeasure upon the evocation of
the emergency and the enactment or the let's say activation of the prep act they
knew already that there were several candidates for potential
transfection technologies that could be rolled out as emergency use authorized
countermeasures and it seemed like there was something to do with Moderna and
Inovio and maybe Novavax and Jay and Jay are the the shot from Belgium and so
this this this whole idea that they were gonna roll out transfection and that
they were gonna roll it out in a couple different ways maybe a dentavirus
maybe lipid nanoparticle it was important for the for the narrative to be
seated that this virus had some of the more let's say easier to predict
potential side effects and and downsides of transfection and so any any heart
related problem any clotting related problem any stroke related problem any
endothelial damage related problem would be a perfect thing for them to seed
into the narrative of the spreading pathogens so that when they rolled out
this various transfection technologies irrespective of which one they decided
on they would have this theme already laid out that this gain of function
protein this spike protein with with watchmaker like precision was created
by a laboratory and at least that rumor circulating would then already plant in
the minds of the people that were solving the mystery us people that were
the Scooby-Doo teenagers trying to find which which monster we could pull the
mask off of we were also part of this wow the spike protein is pretty creepy
huh that that that fear and cleavage site sure is interesting there are people
who are saying that the fear and cleavage site means that this is the most
contagious virus in history there are people that are saying that the affinity
to ACE2 is just so off the charts that it means it has to be something that
they did on a computer and these narratives tied in with the idea that
the spike protein itself that's what a lot of these people said behind the
scenes the spike protein itself was responsible for the heart attacks that
were being associated with COVID-19 the spike protein was responsible for the
strokes that were being associated with COVID-19 the spike protein was
responsible for all these multi-organ systemic effects and it might have been
because the S1 subunit circulates or because the the ACE2 affinity is so high
but the best part about it was is seeding that narrative of those extra effects
beyond respiratory disease and ground glass opacity which went away very
quickly it was the idea of this untold bounty of extra systemic effects that
correlated very well with what they already expected to happen with
transfection and so a very crucial play at the beginning of the pandemic was
being in the right place at the right time to intercept some key people some
real people that ran into the fire some real people that went to their state
representative and told the truth those people early on needed to be
co-opted they needed to be taken aside in a quiet room the few guys in suits and
told that this was a national security thing that they weren't sure whether
it was a worst-case scenario or not that the military was coordinating the
response and that if they wanted to help and and we really needed your help if
you wanted to help you could do X Y and Z and most important is we need the
public to think that it is the worst-case scenario so that they listen to our
instructions and so you would be a very vital tool to our response if you could
help assure us or help us assure that the US public takes this seriously enough
to follow our instructions and eventually take the vaccine that we will offer and
it's already available otherwise you can go back home and you'll have to sign
an agreement that says you're not going to say anything about this and we'll
get someone else to do it and they signed either way they signed and either way
they had to not tell anybody because they were aware of classified things and
so after all of this is said and done after all these actors are in place
these people who are genuinely good people who have been co-opted people
that are then unwittingly supporting those people and and very loud and have
big platforms all of these people have wittingly and unwittingly confounded
the toxicity of the virus and specifically the spike protein with the
toxicity of transfection trying to blame the vast majority of the maladaptive
bad side effects of the transfection on the spike protein so that if the spike
protein had the bad stuff taken out of it it might have been okay if we had
just used the S1 it might have been okay if we just use the receptor binding
domain it might have been okay there is lots of different permutations of the
it might have been okay thing if you can convince the public that it's the
spike protein that we rather hastily chose that curiously everyone chose
curiously that everyone chose to leave in even when the new the new spike protein
or the current spike protein was nowhere related to the original they
still made it a bivalent vaccine and I think that this argues for the fact that
the spike protein itself was part of the ruse perhaps it was an engineered
protein that they knew that when used as a vaccine as a transfection rather that
it would produce a protein that the immune system couldn't ignore and that
they would get a very reliable precise antibody response over repeated
injections which would be the ideal of course if you're gonna roll this out
and try to convince the American public or the world that this is an effective
thing and being able to show an antibody titer which regularly bumps up seems
that's that's the industry gold standard at this stage and so virus
equals excess deaths has been the the sort of scam the whole time right that
that's been the idea the whole time mystery virus equals excess deaths and
when this started was at this where the shade ends there and who told us this
all the world leaders all of our CDC people all the people on TV all the
virologists all agreed it was one great big illusion of consensus that these
mystery virus this mystery virus was a new source of death and excess deaths
because we were all vulnerable again I do not want to diminish the value and the
expertise of our national health care societies and international exercise like
the WHO and the CDC however they I think those are our bodies that are built for
peacetime and not for war and we're at war right now with this virus and and
one of the main issues that we've seen is that they initially came out all the
national health care societies came out with recommendations that focuses on
supportive care only which is generally you give Tylenol for fever you treat
symptoms you might give a little hydration nutrition and you give oxygen
and ventilators for support when they can't breathe and that's reasonable for
viral syndrome but this thing is different number one number two that
strategy is failing I don't think I need to spend a lot of time showing how
badly that's failing the mortality and morbidity rates of this disease are
unprecedented I've been doing critical care for a decade and a half I do not see
mortality rates associated with any severe illness that I see in this this
one now to try and paint the whole picture here of of possibilities it is
not out of the realm of possibilities that whatever Dr. Corey ran into in New
York City it was something like an aerosolized toxin that could have caused
people to have symptoms a suite of symptoms that he couldn't explain that
the treatment protocol wouldn't work on but then we would really need to
investigate it thoroughly we really would because the alternative is of
course that if it works fine for a viral syndrome what he just said already
acknowledges the the principle of the pandemic that it's a viral syndrome but
this disease is something else we're at war
it suggests something else and I hesitate to say much more than that because I
feel an obligation to but this is it's highly dubious because what we saw in
New York seemed to be extraordinary for around three and a half weeks and then
just disappear and the crazy thing is it does seem like the timing of his
arrival in New York City is kind of after that whole thing and I could be
corrected and I'm fine with that but I think we need to be very very very
introspective now as we move forward and be very careful about be very careful as
we look back here he is he is he is saying that the protocols are not
working he's not explicitly saying that the protocols may be killing people but
I think we can safely assume that because again if you're ventilating
people that don't need ventilation in order to reduce spread you're gonna kill
people and remember what we said earlier you don't need you don't need to do a
lot you just need to increase all cause mortality of turning this knob pushing
that button and not turning that switch will kill 15% more people every month
in a hospital you could do that across the nation and call that spread with
the right combination of testing and media blitz and so I would like to more
people to consider the possibility that with a very very well thought out well
tabled well gamed over several decades trying to figure out how this would work
the best and then with the cooperation of social media something very very
spectacular could be done and one of the reasons why I think something very
spectacular was done is because no one no one no one will do this math it's not
just mystery virus equals excess deaths because we have discovered that there
was a lot of fear uncertainty doubt and confusion when they sent all the old
doctors home because of the dangerous virus and left hospital administrators
ruling over residents while there were do not resuscitate orders out on the
street with EMTs while there were ventilators being used to prevent spread
and settings that are never ever used and attached to the internet for some
reason the lack of antibiotic use for a viral syndrome remember dr. Corey just
said that poor use of steroids the use of remdesivir medazolam was started by
April I believe of 2020 but certainly went on well through 2022 and 2023 and
might still be used today opioid deaths were allowed to go bananas and of course
that helps because if you just call other respiratory disease covid-19 you
don't have any more deaths between now and last year the death certificate fraud
was fueled by financial incentives that happened all over the United States so
the numbers are just ridiculously silly and not I mean not at all reflective of
any kind of reality track and trace do you remember that people were getting
paid like forty dollars an hour to to bank phone calls and pretend to track
and trace the the contacts of somebody who tests positive I mean this was really
absurd in 2020 and 2021 they had us wearing masks they had our children
wearing masks in school for a whole year and when they were in school and Brett
Weinstein advocated for this for like two and a half years or two years at
least he didn't speak out against closed schools or masking kids in school at
all no developmental biology in his brain at all apparently it's it's
evolutionary biology that he's a special specialist in that's why he's never
spoke out about the PCR fraud or the lateral test flow or lateral flow test
fraud or or the whole debacle of the sequencing but he did have Yuri Dagan on
his podcast in 2020 a member of drastic so that he could already start the
lab leak debate ready ready and waiting the Scooby-Doo settled in 2020 he
seeded the Scooby-Doo narrative by having Yuri Dagan on his stream and I was
totally sucked into the Scooby-Doo narrative by Yuri Dagan I thought I was
lucky to be able to review his paper I thought it was cool that while I was
faculty at the University of Pittsburgh I was sticking it out there and and
reviewing the paper about the fear and cleavage site and the likelihood that it
was a lab leak feeling the narrative that would eventually kill my friend
friends family members too really I don't think I could have stopped it for
ladies and gentlemen do you understand what's happening here we are about to
awaken because there is no epidemiological evidence of spread anywhere in the
world there is evidence of mass casualty events that may have been
orchestrated by some state actors projected Medicare costs were avoided I
want to I want to do something here I just make sure that you understand what
I'm saying here because sometimes I think I'm not very clear if you know
anything about the population pyramid let me see where I am on this drawing
this would be like a hundred years old this would be zero years old we divide
this in half and we put the boys on this side and we put the females on this
side and then if you have this is age right and so you have a certain number
of kids at the bottom like this and then you can make this shape it goes all the
way up and describes sort of the age pyramid of a population and we had this
pyramid that looked like this it's not gonna be perfect here I'm just making a
point and this bubble here this bulge here is pretty significant it might even
be worse you know like this and so that means men and women around
retirement age there's a surplus of them these would be the boomers an
important thing to understand about the American economy and the American
government I want you to listen very carefully because this is totally true
Medicare is not an option for the American budget it's written in such a
way that that number is not negotiable when that number comes in the bill gets
paid or gets charged and the issue with this this right here is that if this is
retirement age let's say this is the age of average age of death okay in order for
someone to get from the average age of death and then one year before it there
is usually some Medicare costs in here because they don't just let people die
they try their best to keep people alive you know you might go into the intensive
care unit this kind of thing and so the point is is that this last year of life
or show it's about five hundred thousand dollars per six months on average
especially if you think about diabetes and and people being overweight and this
kind of thing so for Medicare this was an impending doom it was actually an
impending doom that they've been writing about in journals and articles and
newspapers and and fancy you know like things like the economists for a very
long time predicting that if all of these boomers age out through Medicare then
the cost of their aging out the cost of their end-of-life care is gonna
bankrupt the United States and so when I say that when I say that that the
projected Medicare costs in the coming eight years were avoided I'm really
referring to that the idea that people had predicted already that this
this exponential increase in Medicare costs would would really be devastating
in the United States they have they have done an awful lot to set in motion I'm
sorry my ear really itches from my my headphone for some reason I don't know
what happened maybe it's just the basketballs today too much sweat I don't
know why that threw me off all of a sudden the they they have set up a
situation where they have these pneumonia vaccines and RSV vaccines and flu
vaccines and COVID vaccines they could in theory give an old person four
vaccines a year and certainly these very frail ones these these you know very
vulnerable old people that really need the protection of a vaccine and that's
the most frustrating thing they don't need the protection of the vaccine because
of taking a vaccine is a challenge for a body even if it is a working vaccine
that's given subcutaneously or taken orally it's an immune challenge and an
intramuscular injection of any combination of substances is gonna be a
terrible immune challenge with all kinds of potential downsides you definitely
don't want to do to a frail old person and yet somehow or another they've
inverted it now to suggest that these things are so beneficial and so lacking
of harm that very old and frail people should update their vaccines never mind
what they eat never mind what they exercise never mind what they drink
update their vaccines so it looks like some more Medicare costs are gonna be
avoided in the very near future by this same mechanism that they engaged with
the mythology of the pandemic and still I'm gonna keep harping on it we need to
be very simple and very precise and for some reason no one is able to do it we
need to advocate for strict liability for these products and we need to argue
that the CICP and the VICP these these administrative courts that are used to
settle with and make the government pay for any potential damages by counter
measure or damage by vaccine these things need to be discarded because they are
a seventh amendment violation we need to go back to strict liability and just
suing these people in court so I do think that we have been fooled by a
bunch of people that were selected a bunch of people put in place in order to
convince the public that something very serious was occurring so that they would
follow the counter measures so that the drill would be effective so that they
could measure how far they could get and then they could see if they could get
everybody to take a transfection and success would have been a 90%
penetration rate of the second shot and they got nowhere close to it of course
but what they tried to do is put people in place all along the hypothetical
public health train and gave everybody a elaborate costume and some lights and
stuff and then made them pretend to stop and start the public health train
be wrestling against the public health train being wrestling against the the
pandemic train and the way that these people were put and the narrative that
these people were given the little bits of the narrative the pieces of the Scooby-Doo
puzzle were given to different people and they stood at different parts of the
train and collectively pretended to be fighting it to be resisting it to be
standing up against it to be accurately representing it and because social
media and mainstream media elevated some of these people to elevate the stories
that they were telling the people that were having a real counter narrative the
people that were really speaking up the people that really had something to say
were not needed we're not there because they were not part of the limited
spectrum of debate that was used to reinforce the presuppositions of the
system and I think one of the cleverest ones was hydroxychloroquine and I
vermectin the use of a probably underutilized pharmaceutical that should
have been in everybody's medicine cabinet with a whole list of of of
indications instead is largely underutil underused or not utilized at all and
so they rolled these things out as alternatives for the novel pathogen and
it was very lacking of risk but they even went so far as to have I vermectin
have some fake pills around and have that whole narrative of fake pills show up
all over and so again it became about sabotaging the novel cure for the novel
virus why would the government ever sabotage something that could save a lot
of people a lot of people were stuck on that narrative a lot of people still are
stuck on that narrative the idea that the government purposely sabotaged repurposed
drugs in order to make room for in order to make sure there would be an EUA for
mRNA now that's a really interesting story and in a lot of ways it's true but
the main reason why they did the hydroxychloroquine and I vermectin
fiasco story theater was to make sure that in 2020 in 2021 there was not a
single person on the planet who really moved to the point to say there was no
evidence of spread there were people that were saying there was no virus but
they weren't articulated enough to say what the hell was going on then and maybe
it was too early for them to know but even as we got more data even as we got
more information even as the the information evolved they stuck to this
very limited spectrum of debate like everybody else does and as long as you
can look and see that someone stuck to a very limited spectrum of debate like
VAERS or stuck to a very limited spectrum of debate like the the multi systemic
effects of the spike protein then you know that something shady was going on
something fishy was going on at best and we can hope this for most of the people
on the on the length of this train we we can hope that some of these people
were just taken by the fame by the by the by the comfort and by the notoriety
maybe by the world travel and they thought well I've got a part to play it's like
a barbershop quartet I sing the VAERS part they sing the Ivermectin part
someone else sings the hydroxychloroquine part someone else sings the the I don't
know the turbo cancer part but then altogether the whole song sounds great
and it sounds really dissidenty and it it all sings really well together and
there's a really harmony and and everything and and all the while the
novel virus that killed millions the millions more were saved from that
likely came from gain of function and will come again is never questioned and
in fact all the references that are made are indirect or directly acknowledging
its existence acknowledging its impact and acknowledging its likely return
that's why we're still here that's why we spent the whole Christmas the last
one two three four Christmases here
and I think this is the best way to sum it up this gnome Chomsky quote is
really just spectacular the smart way to keep people passive and obedient is
to strictly limit the spectrum of acceptable opinion but allow a very
lively debate within that spectrum even encourage the more critical and
dissonant views that gives people the sense that there is a free thinking
going on while all the time the presuppositions of the system are being
reinforced by the limits put on the range of debate I think you need to start we
need to start to consider the possibility that many of these people have been
co-opted many years ago brought pull the side and said look this is how we
govern the United States it is with elaborate manipulation of their
opinions it is through elaborate manipulation of their understanding of
reality and we have succeeded in the to a large extent the American public does
not think about anything that we don't want them to think about and certainly
not with any passion that's how we are governed and so if you would like to join
the governing power of the United States here's your offer that was done years
before the pandemic and continued right up to the pandemic and probably in
through the first two or three or four years and right up until Romania in
two thousand twenty three remember that I have told you for a long time now
that that the intellectual dark web is that the key to understanding this the
key to understanding it is that Mark von Raunst in 2011 stood in front of the
Chatham House and said that it's too bad we don't we didn't have or knows
2019 and and and wind maybe it was 2011 I got to look it up I think a
month later than that but he whined that in 2009 when he was the flu commissar
of Belgium and there was supposed to be this swine flu that they didn't have
things like Facebook and and Twitter and all these things he would have been so
much easier to control the narrative had they had social media like that and so
in order for a national security event of this nature a global theater to be
executed they would have had to put people in place but don't underestimate
they didn't need to tell any of these people they all were gonna run a
pandemic in a couple years so we want you to get a podcast going and build a
little bit of a following before we pull the trigger they don't say that what
they say is that YouTube is starting to become really influential and we want to
have some influential people of our own on YouTube and we think you'd be a great
candidate for that you're like a intellectual you know we like your
brand here's me Joe Rogan he's one of our our you know franchise players we
got a few other ones and we're gonna look for him and find him we're gonna
recruit him and we're gonna build an army of big and small influencers that we
can start to use to leverage public opinion just like Bernays says in the
beginning slides this is the real ruling power of America this is the real
ruling power of the Western world this is why social media as it stands right
now is so important and so powerful the reason why why Elon Musk paid so much
money for Twitter it's not just a show these are really some of the more
impressively new ruling knobs of the Western world I mean it would be a bit
like adding a extra set of pedals in a car or a it an extra steering wheel or
or something like that you're you're you're complicating the operating of the
of the machine and in this case they're up they're they're complicating the the
operation of the democracy which should be a republic but they're complicating
they're tweaking their they're throwing a wrench in the operation of the
republic by confusing and seeding doubt and fear into the populace this is the
Romanian meeting that I I'm speaking of it happened on the 18th and 17 18 19
of November in 2023 and at this event were Brett Weinstein and Denny Rankor
and Jessica Rose and Brian brittle and Harvey Reich and Nick Hudson and Brett
Weinstein and Ryan Cole and Robert Malone and Jill Glasspool Malone and
Meryl Nasse and Steven Hatfield among others and what I have found very
frustrating about this particular photograph and what happened afterward
was of course Robert Malone tweeted that he met and saw a great presentation by
Denny Rankor and then mentioned the Denny Rankor's data shows that 17
million people were killed by the shot but doesn't mention the Denny Rankor's
data also shows that the virus can't cross borders because it doesn't have a
passport apparently and that indeed has happened multiple times since he's been
back Jessica Rose for example right after the conference wrote a sub stack about
the breakfast in the hotel and took a selfie with Dennis but never really
specifically mentioned that his data blows the whole narrative out of the
water of course there would be nothing to talk about on VAERS if they hadn't
used mass casualty events around the United States and the world exacerbated
all cause mortality and then told us that it was evidence of spread there'd be no
shot to gripe about there'd be no
transfection technology to claim to be having been invented by you there'd be
none of this none of these arguments would be relevant and so incidentally it
does turn out that that that the last half or the last 20 minutes of that video
with with Tucker Carlson is actually relevant and so I want to watch that now
before I go to bed tonight in August 11 darn this was a tweet by Brett today on
January 8th at 4 20 p.m. dissidents succeeded in upending the COVID
narrative historic victory but instead coming together and gearing up for the
rematch that Goliath is clearly planning a fair fraction are overtaken by a petty
infighting why dissidents tend to be lone wolves rather than team players
interesting theory most dissidents have no experience wielding any power or
influence at all and so to play the game like novices now I do believe I do
believe that this tweet then actually is an admission that he it does have some
experience wielding power or influence
it does mean that he feels as though he's wielding some power and influence and
that other people who wield power and influence are challenging him he doesn't
like that we shouldn't have any infighting I seem to remember Robert Malone
saying that a few times I remember Charles Rixie saying that too I remember
people calling me a divider and I'm getting sick and tired of me and Dr.
Cooey's streams with all those people on him why does he keep dividing all the
time I'm not dividing I keep picking on the same people the same people who have
this spectacular commitment to lies that somehow or another they forgot where
they were for 2020 and 2021 when my kids were using masks to play in band they
that happened because of Brett Weinstein and everybody else like Jordan
Peterson that didn't have any special insight into the pandemic
it's absolutely despicable that in his his podcast in June of 2021 when he came
with with with Robert Malone and Steve Kirsch that Brett Weinstein said that
he had a background in immunology I would challenge you to find any podcast he's
ever done where he's taught explained any phenomenon in immunology to a
satisfactory level this guy is a an absolute player he is an absolute player
there is absolutely no way that these pictures behind me these elaborate studio
photography shoots these these things up here this over here is evidence of an
of a meeting this is evidence of a meeting and it's a it's a it's the original
dinner do you see the the people that are at this dinner it's it's Shapiro and
Rubin and Rogan and Harris and Eric Weinstein and Peterson and who took the
picture Brett these photographs up here Rubin
what Harris Weinstein hang and this guy Eric Weinstein with a black umbrella
over him you don't need to be a crazy symbologist to know that a black umbrella
means something funny I mean Jordan Peterson with a triangle photograph is
that just accidentally chosen I'm sorry ladies and gentlemen but I'm not I'm
not gonna play any I'm not playing anymore this is really wrong he knows
exactly what he's doing when he says these things Goliath has read and listened
to enough private correspondence to play the dissident rivalies jealously and
mistrust like a fiddle no no that's incorrect some of us have
experienced the playing up being played like a fiddle that's why you're he's
afraid everyone's afraid of my story because any one of these people that has
interacted with me and has played me has exposed themselves and they all know it
they all know that I know I know from their signal chats I know from their
private messages I know from what they didn't say I know from what they didn't
answer I know from how they didn't call back and Brett Weinstein I think I know
better than almost anyone else that has messed with me in these years I've seen
his true colors too often and from too many angles he has a very very sensitive
ego every single idea that isn't his is got to be reformulated in such a way
so that he can claim it for himself he's the most disingenuous learner in in in
social media history even though it's so short and I'm very very frustrated with
him I'm frustrated with him because he talked to me for a very long time on
signal and made it seem like that I was struggling to explain to get him to
understand the biology that I was trying to argue for in 2022 and now we're in
2024 and while I was in that signal chat with him of course he had already
recorded an interview with Robert F. Kennedy Jr. already recorded an
interview three hours long in his house never mentioned it of course that any
of this happened incidentally when I told that signal chat group that that
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. had called me and asked me to be an advisor on the book
Brett's first response was why you
eventually Brett told me that he couldn't really understand what I was
saying and even though you know I can show you a picture for example of him
saying okay say it again like your father speaking to a five-year-old he
said that a lot in that signal chat and and and Brett Weinstein was wearing a
bandana and eye goggles for almost a year
no I'm not I'm not done anymore I'm not I'm not gonna accept this excuse of you
know mistakes were made and that kind of thing that's that is what I'm saying
there were mistakes made by people and some mistakes were not mistakes some
mistakes were chosen some things were chosen because they were script given to
you for comfort and fame and I think that's what these people did I really do I
think these people are part of an elaborate I mean really awful plan to
usurp our country to usurp the West whatever you want to call it I got to
find this hold on one second this yes you're speaking in grand terms that
so I'm gonna go to the part where we were already our constitution doesn't
describe and I'm gonna speed it up a little bit and here we go from your
rights during time oh wait what is it right simply are what they are in there
not something in the red place because there's a this user thing but nonetheless
people's willingness to accept the erosion of their rights because of a
public health emergency has allowed this tyranny to to use it as a Trojan horse
yes and so I want you to just hear what he just said there because it's really
important to understand that he doesn't see himself as part of that he doesn't
see himself at all as having played any role in the public having slipped into
this trap that's the dishonesty and the lack of humility that is driving anyone
nuts that has a problem with Brett Weinstein being an ever rising star in
this dissident movement as though he was always driving the car always knew
where we were going it was always his idea to go camping listen carefully please
direction because it's the turnkey totalitarian planet right the World
Health Organization is above the level of nations and it is going to be in a
position if these provisions pass to dictate to nations how they are to treat
their own citizens to override their constitutions despite what Tedress just
told you so that is frightening it's not inherently about health what I think has
happened is the fact of a possible pandemic causes a loophole in the mind
it's not a loophole in our governance documents our Constitution doesn't
describe exemptions from your rights during time of a pandemic emergency your
rights simply are what they are and they're not supposed to go anywhere just
because there's a disease spreading but nonetheless people's willingness to
accept the erosion of their rights because of a public health emergency has
allowed this tyranny to use it as a Trojan horse yes and so some people like
it like Robert F. Kennedy Jr. we're speaking out about how irrespective of
the public health excuse that's given the the public health worst case scenario
that's given we shouldn't secede our rights to these people that lockdowns
are not the way that erosion of our rights is not the way that that that
closing down our economies and schools was not the way there were people who
were arguing against this from the very beginning who knew that masks couldn't
stop particle sizes as described there were people who were already talking
about the PCR couldn't possibly be as accurate as they say it is there's no way
what do we know about the background what is this what is going on there were
people saying this stuff but it wasn't Brett Weinstein Brett Weinstein and his
wife were saying that it might be it most likely is bushmeat and then even if
we find out that this is not from a market we should still fix the problem of
bushmeat because isn't that where AIDS came from
that is Brett Weinstein
bandana and goggles that is Brett Weinstein
when when Sam Harris says that there won't be any room to tolerate these
people when there's a virus that kills 75% of everyone it infects it will be a
moral emergency Brett didn't say anything because he didn't have principles then
and Brett did not speak up against lockdowns or masks or shutting down schools
because he didn't have principles then either
because he and other people then or soon after sold out co-opted
went along with or were elevated because they went along with maybe it's that
sophisticated maybe they just picked random people who were silly enough to go
along and then they elevated them but I highly doubt it
I think it's much more likely because of his connections
because of the way that his family is connected
the way that his friends are connected the who he's connected to
who his brothers connected to it's much more likely
that he was part of a selection the intellectual dark web was not a spontaneous group of dudes
bros with shows I just saw recently I think it's very safe to say that all the bros with shows
especially the bros with shows before the pandemic especially the bros with shows that
talked about the intolerability of anti-vaxxes right before the pandemic started those bros
with shows oh that's pretty shady stuff
I think we got them ladies and gentlemen hook we got them all we got them all we can see them now
all we got to do is just stop and look and I think that's also it's something people need to
become aware of that there are a number of features of our environment that are basically
they are blind spots that we can't see past vaccine was one and I know I was an enthusiast
about vaccines I still believe deeply in the elegance of vaccines as they should exist
but I'm now very alarmed at how they are produced and I'm even more alarmed at what has been
called a vaccine that doesn't meet the definition right that because now be careful you don't
miss misunderstand that he's appalled by how they're produced and he's also worried about these new
ones it's all the same he's not talking about the old ones yet and he won't talk about the old ones
because he is a medler he's never going to have the revelation never ever ever that the entire
vaccine schedule in America is criminal he's never going to compare on screen on his podcast
the vaccine schedule in Norway with the vaccine schedule in America and then scratch his head
and go wow I wonder why it's that way because he believes in the miracle of vaccines he believes
in the elegance of vaccines and he believes that mRNA is even more elegant listen carefully
this is not anyone that is on our team many of us believe that vaccines were extremely
elegant low harm high efficacy method of preventing disease when they called this mRNA technology
a vaccine many of us gave it more credibility than we should have if they called it a gene
transaction technology we would have thought wait what you know that that sounds highly novel and
it sounds dangerous and how many and now is he saying that he did it or we did it because I didn't do it
you see that's the problem this is where I start to get a little upset because he was on a signal
chat with me in late 2021 I believe all the way through a lot of 2022 where I explain this crap
over and over again introduced him to the word transfection tried to explain to him that it's
not something I'm making up and even after links and just saying just dude just google it it still
didn't stick his wife mentioned it once on the podcast but they don't use that term regularly
this is one of the first times again that he's ever used it and he explicitly admits that had
we called it a transfection from the beginning it might not have taken off I gave him that opportunity
I gave everybody that opportunity I called it a transfection in writing on medium in May
of 2021 and I was already saying it in 2020 I was already saying no in 2020
I was a little afraid to say that it didn't help anybody that already took it
I didn't really see that as being very smart at that time to say that but now I know it should have
been said that's what I thought
you see the problem is is that Brett was really certain back then he's really certain now
that his story is correct that he did the best he could that he didn't make any egregious
mistakes except for maybe the mass thing but that didn't hurt anybody the masks did everything in
the beginning it was the illusion of consensus with the cars full of people with masks on the
the big shops full of people with masks on is a illusion illusion of consensus and it was created
by these people and it was fueled by this person wearing a bandana on his neck for nine or ten
or eleven months sharing selfies with a bandana and and eye goggles advocating almost two years
later for harder lockdowns next time if we would have done it right this wouldn't have happened
zero cove it was possible at some point this is the same guy
there were people that were millennia ahead of him
and some of them he was talking to and ignoring
much do we know about the long-term implications but because they called it a vaccine people were
much readily much more willing to accept it public health functions the same way he called it a
vaccine because they called it a vaccine because we we gave it more credit he gave it more credit
I didn't I called it a transfection he called it a vaccine
they actually called it an investigational vaccine and an emergency use authorized countermeasure
he's the one who went on and on about it being a vaccine
and he sees no responsibility for it even though he's called it a vaccine all through 2023 are you
kidding me
do you see the hypocrisy here do you see why it's not as simple as we can divide everybody the
dissident movement is starting to fracture because people's egos are getting too big
because people have never aren't used to wielding influence
I'm not wielding influence Brett I'm trying to save the world for my grandchildren as crazy as
that sounds what else do I got to do how else can I try I got to get these bad ideas that were
laid down by bad people in the beginning of 2020 all through the end of 2021 we got to get these
bad ideas out of these kids heads and Brett Weinstein is one of the people that put those
bad ideas in those kids heads with his complete lack of insight and complete lack of principles
in 2020 and 2021 and when he finally found his principles he still didn't question the lack of
evidence of spread he distilled in question the fidelity of virology he still didn't question
the overall efficacy of transfection he just questioned the possible side downsides of it
this is of course something that they're going to double down on over and over again he's never
going to admit that he cooperated with some different weaponized piles of money in order
to get comfort and promised fame take care of his family feed his family save up for the
currency crash get some gold in his house I don't know what he got
maybe a guarantee that you know his family would be protected or something like that I have no idea
maybe he just did it for podcasts and for for sponsors
but there's no question in my mind that he's probably smart enough to have known that masks
wouldn't work it's probably smart enough to have known that masks on children would be terrible
he's probably smart enough to know that masks on children and making them stay home for a year
and use iPads to go to school would probably be terrible like way way way worse for some kids
than for other kids way way worse for some school systems than other school districts
he's smart enough to know all that but did he did he debate any of those things did he advocate
for any of those things did he see that as a violation of our rights did he have any principles
with regard to the development of our children and he still doesn't he's not apologetic for it
he didn't make he didn't make those policies so he was done to no obligation to know what the
right thing to say was he got five hundred thousand dollars to resign
from evergreen he didn't suffer he didn't lose he got a half a million dollars
I guarantee you the University of Pittsburgh didn't give me a half a million dollars
and I guarantee you I've made a half a million dollars doing this dumb stream
it's not a dumb stream though it's a great stream share with your friends if you think about it
public health step back a second your relationship with your doctor your personal health uh
ought to be very important to you but there are ways in which things that happen at a population
level affect your personal health and your doctor's not in position to do anything about right so
somebody dumping pollution into a stream from which you're pulling fish you know you might detect
the harm at the population level you might need a regulation at a population level in order to
protect you your doctor's not in position regular pills are corrected so the idea that public health
is potentially a place to improve all of our well-being is real but once you decide that
there's something above doctors relative to your health then that can be an excuse for all manner
of tyranny public health has been um adopted it's like uh it's like the sheep's clothing that has
allowed the wolf to go after our rights because in theory it's trying to protect us from harms
that we would like to be prepared and it generates such fear it's such a huge scale that it it weakens
people's moral immune systems absolutely separate things they would never accept otherwise absolutely
and as you know and as as I know when we raised questions about what was being uh being delivered
to us under the guise of public health he did not raise any questions meaningful questions until
2000 the end of 2021 at best and we looked at it yesterday or the day before rather the original
breakout podcast with Brett Weinstein, Robert Malone and Steve Kirsch presented the idea that
infection plus vaccination vaccination alone or the Freemason uh secret recipe of ivermectin could
result in a a sort of a sort of uh let's say hybrid herd immunity that would allow all three
of these gentlemen even though they're strangers from different social circles that should be
socially isolated from one another to hang out without masks in a room and be safe
that was his big message that was his big breakthrough
while almost a year earlier i would been sent i would been asked to send in my badge and keys
because it wasn't safe for me to come into the university anymore because i stood up and said
the transfection of our old people's probably pretty dumb but transfection of our kids is going
to be absurd and that's what they're going to do and all of us have to stand up because we all
use transfection in our labs how can we not know that this is a crazy idea we wouldn't
transfect our children but that's where we're going to be in a year if we don't speak up
oh they're not the same as transfections it can't be the same jay don't don't be silly
and Brett never said that Brett never said that until it was way too late until every college
kid had already taken a pair until every old person had already taken a pair
he never said anything he might have expressed some skepticism or that my family's gonna wait
but i bet you he didn't and i'd love for a link to find out if he did because i bet he didn't
we were demonized as if we had a moral defect it wasn't even a cognitive defect where we were
failing to understand the wisdom of these vaccines it was a moral defect where we were failing to
protect others who were vulnerable by questioning these things and so the idea that health is at stake
in some vague larger sense that requires us to to override the natural relationship between
doctors and patients is itself a coup against medicine by something else and we need to become
aware of that just just to check kind of like the souls of the people who are running all of this
the public health establishment international public health establishment now that you know
some researchers believe up to 17 million people could have been killed by these mRNA shots
has any international public health officials said well hold on a second we need to get to the
bottom of that is that provoke any response when people charge public health well i'm trying to
think globally whether they're good examples there's certainly some folks who have stood up
in the european parliament but i mean in world health organizations cdc no i don't think so i
don't think we we have not seen an acknowledgement of the harm and error they don't have internet
access they don't know what is that well that's the incredible thing is i still see claims
that just simply if they initially had believed them then they're long ago falsified but they're
still being advanced for whoever hasn't noticed you know the idea that it's a good idea to vaccinate
your kids with mRNA shots being one of right to the extent that there was a panic that caused us to
give these shots to people who couldn't possibly benefit from them you would expect us to have
backed that off extreme and so he's still not at the stage where he's saying the transfection
isn't beneficial for anybody that's healthy and it wouldn't have helped anyone and in fact it would
be more likely to hurt the frail old we're still not even close to that yet even though
denny rancor's data which they just referenced 17 million i just showed you a picture that
Brett Weinstein met him over in romania he's about to say that in romania again
but he's not saying the important parts that there's no evidence of spread we're not going to mention
it and this other thing what i just said i want to get back to that again to make sure
that caused us to give these shots to people who couldn't possibly benefit from them
oh yeah and denny rancor's data also shows that the shots are are exponentially more dangerous for
the elderly so denny is seeing the effects of the shots on the elderly so the whole narrative
that we have to give it to the vulnerable and the vulnerable are these sick people these immunocompromised
people or these these elderly is exactly antithetical to what we actually know about the dangers of
transfection and about how hard it is on our body it's a permanent potentially permanently
damaging thing because your immune system is going to be permanently cockeyed
and he's not saying those things right here now listen carefully he he didn't question all vaccines
he just barely questions this one and in theory it's still very elegant
and he's still leaving the window open for there to be some demographic of people for whom the the
the risk to benefit ratio is still favorable for the shot i still am very sure that brent
believes that there is a significant portion of the population for which
transfection to the spike protein still has a favorable risk benefit ratio you can hear him
talking about it expect us to have backed that off extremely rapidly as it became impossible
to defend those shots and yet because there's still presumably some market for it we are still
doing it so we are living some crazy story in which things that are perfectly obvious are still
somehow have not lodged themselves in the official public record and you know i think
that has a lot to do with frankly the death of journalism a lot of us are doing jobs that
we didn't train for her and i are doing some journalistic job that we certainly didn't train
for we trained to think about biology and you know we do that in front of a camera and so that
functions as a kind of stand-in for journalism but the handful of journalists who still exist
i think without exception are not scientifically trained all right you know map taiybe green
walled you you don't have very many people doing investigative journalism and the ones who are
doing it they don't have the skill set that would make this a natural topic to investigate
so we have to boot up some kind of new institution that will allow us to do this job well and presumably
that will involve taking a few investigative journalists uh who remember how to do that job
and the few scientists and doctors who are willing to still do their job and you know put us together
right podcast isn't the right place to do it if that's all we got that's all we got but there's
got to be a better a better method so if this is being one of right to the extent that there
was a panic that caused us to give these shots to people who couldn't possibly benefit from them
you would expect us to have backed that off extremely rapidly as it became impossible to defend those
shots and yet because there's still presumably some market for it um we are we are still doing so
we are living some crazy story in which things that are perfectly obvious are still somehow have
not lodged themselves in the official public record and you know i think that has a lot to do with
frankly the death of journalists yes a lot of us are doing jobs that we didn't train for
whether and i are doing some journalistic job that we certainly didn't train for we train
to think about biology and you know we do that in front of a camera and so that functions is
kind of stand in for journalism but they hand full of journalists who still exist um i think
without it i thought they were at a teaching university i thought they taught biology
now they're journalists so at least they're being honest because i've never seen them or heard them
teach anything really they talk about stuff they report things so they are kind of like journalists
i guess i'm kind of a journalist in a way i mean in a way but i also see myself as a teacher
i think it's it's it reveals something there exception are not scientifically trained all right you know
map to ebb green walled you you don't have very many people doing investigative journalism and the ones
who uh who are doing it they don't have the skill set that would make this a natural topic to
investigate so we have to boot up some kind of new institution that will allow us to do this job
well and presumably that will involve taking a few investigative journalists uh who remember
how to do that job and the few scientists and doctors who are willing to still do their job
and you know put us together right podcast isn't the right place to do it if that's all we got that's
all we got but um there's got to be a better a better method is he talking about a dream team of
journalists and scientists that can really break down science communication and drop a
nuclear bomb of clarity on society because that sounds like a pretty rigged game to me
that sounds like well let's get some already established CIA operatives together with some
already established uh weaponized pile of some money agents and some other criminal syndicates
altogether to control the narrative uh about the alternative to the modern system or the
alternative information system it sounds like intellectual dark web 2.0 and he wants to be a
part of it he wants to be the head of it he's part of that dream team holy man
so if this is ratified signed onto by the united states in may six months from now um
that sounds like that's it we don't know um i will say i have very little hope that the
us will derail this i have the sense that whatever has captured isn't the us like a funder of the
who i thought we sent a lot of money to the who so if the who is changing it's it's uh treaty that
doesn't some portion of the united states government or some forces in the united states want that then
i thought we gave a lot of money to the who i know that the trump stopped for a while but i thought
that started again we don't we even give the most correct me if i'm wrong
our government um is driving this as well and so in effect uh the us wants this change it will
in fact you know in the same way that the five eyes nations agree to mutually violate the rights
of each other's citizens because that was not prevented in any of our constitutions i think the us wants
something to force it to violate our constitutional protections and the world health organization
is going to be that entity that said i have recently been to the check republic and i've been to
romania and i've heard several parts of the former eastern block that there is resistance that people
who have faced tyranny in living memory um are much less ready to accept these changes and that
they are actually beginning to to mount a response i worry that it will be too thin and easily defeated
especially if they do not understand that actually the world is depending on them but the traditionally
the countries we traditionally think of as part of the west are compromised and that these countries
which have more recently joined or rejoined the west are the best hope we've got that they are
in a position to derail um this set of provisions and that we are depending on them to do it so i
just want to end for a few moments on your on the overview here so you have all these remarkable
things converging in a single 12-month period if war pestilence political unrest apparently
unsolvable political unrest what do you think we're looking at in the west like what is this moment
and how does it end well um so i have long been interested in questions of
good governance and the west and um i'm sad to report that i think the west has actually
collapsed and what we have always and nebulous echo the values of the west still function but
they function in a vague way and we have seen that they can evaporate quickly under the right
circumstances this sounds like an announcement to me i don't think it sounds like a cautionary
statement that we need to pull up it sounds like it's already happened um that's that that's
frightening to me um i suspect and i really don't know i don't think that they can just echo the
report that i think the west has actually collapsed and what we are left with is now um and nebulous
echo the values of the west still function but they function um in a vague way and we have seen
that they can evaporate quickly under the right circumstances um i suspect and i really don't
know i don't think anybody knows um but i suspect that some powerful set of forces has decided that
consent of the governed is too dangerous to tolerate and that it has begun to unhook it and we do not
know how this works we can see some of the partners who are involved in this but i don't think we know
ultimately who's driving it or where they're going i think many of the notions that we
picked up about uh nations and who our friends are and who our enemies are are uh they are now
more misleading and they are informative in other words i don't think the u.s has an enemy called china
i think there are elements within the u.s that are partnered within with elements within the
chinese communist party for practical reasons and so our you know the the notion that these uh two
parties are competing with each other just distracts us from what's actually taking place but
let's just put it this way we have a large
global population most people have no useful role through no fault of their own they have not
been given a an opportunity in life to find a useful way to contribute and i wonder if
the rent-seeking elites that have hoarded so much power uh are not unhooking our rights because
effectively they're afraid of some global french revolution moment as people realize that they've
been betrayed and left without good options because that what we're seeing certainly feels like we're
facing um an end game where important uh properties that would once have been preserved by all parties
because they might need them one day are now being dispensed with and we're being um you know
we're watching our governmental structures and every one of our institutions captured hollowed
out turned into a paradoxical inversion of what it was designed to do it's not an accident whether
they you know the thing that worries me most actually is that whatever is driving this is not
composed of diabolical geniuses who at least have some plan for the future but it's being
driven by people who actually do not know what kind of hell they are inviting yes they're going to
create a kind of chaos from which humanity may well not emerge and i get the sense that um unless
they have some remarkable plan that is not obvious that they are just simply drunk with power and
putting everyone including themselves in tremendous jeopardy by taking apart the structures on which
we depend how do you see my last question how do you see your i mean you're you're speaking in
in grand terms that three years ago i might have laughed at i'm not laughing at all and i think
you're absolutely right um but you're also choosing as you know a 50-ish man your old man to say
the stuff out loud and to pursue the truth as you find it and then to talk about it like so how do
you why did you decide to do that and how do you think that ends well you know we are all the products
of whatever developmental environment produced us and as i've said on multiple topics where
my family has found itself in very uncomfortable and sometimes dangerous circumstances uh because
we speak out i don't think i had a choice i just i literally cannot understand how i would
sleep at night how i would look at myself in the mirror if i didn't say what needed to be said and
you know i stopped learning a very good speech by Bobby Kennedy jr
the neither of us are libertarians he was at the liberty conference in in Memphis and the last
thing he said in that speech um struck me to my core it's something i've thought often and said
almost never but there are fates far worse than death and i think from my part i have
i have lived an incredible life i have i there's plenty i still want to do and i am not eager
to leave this planet any earlier than i have to i have a marvelous family i live a wonderful place
and i've got lots of things bucket list i got lots of things on my bucket list however humanity
is depending on everybody who has a position from which to see what is taking place to grapple
with what it might mean to describe it so that the public understands where their interests are
it is depending on us to do what needs to be done if we're to have a chance of delivering a
planet to our children and our grandchildren that is worthy of them if we're going to deliver
a system that allows them to live meaningful healthy lives we have to speak up and i don't know
i don't know how to get people to do that i'm very hesitant to urge others to put themselves
over families in danger and i know that everybody's circumstances are different some people are
struggling to simply defeat a family and keep a roof over their heads those people obviously
have a great deal less liberty uh with respect to standing up and saying what needs to be said but
this is really it's what we call in game theory a collective action problem everybody responds
to their personal well-being if everybody says it's too dangerous to stand up um you know i'm not
suicidal i'm i can't do it then not enough people stand up to change the course of history whereas
if people somehow put aside the obvious danger to their ability to earn and maybe to their lives
of saying what needs to be said then we greatly outnumber those we are pitted against they are
ferociously powerful but i would also point out this interesting error so i call the force that
we're up against alliance just so i remember what the battle is the lives made a terrible mistake
and it made it most egregiously during covid which is it took all of the competent people
took all of the courageous and it shoved them out of the institutions where they were hanging on
and it created in so doing the dream team created every player you could possibly want
and so what i want you to understand what i believe is happening here is that yes this is true
that the pandemic allowed the united states government and the governments of the world the
weaponized piles of money that control social media to find and chart the individuals who would react
in a dissident way that would react in a skeptical way and when robert malone claimed
that he was censored on linkedin and therefore he had to go to gab those same people went to gab
and another list was made the people that wouldn't follow the the taking temperature and and masking
at universities another list was made and so all of these lists have been compiled and cross
examined and cross referenced and people like myself probably show up on ten of these lists
and what he's speaking of it didn't happen to him
the illusion here the enchantment here is for you to believe that what happened to him at evergreen
puts him ahead of this puts him already on the outspoken side of things and so therefore you're
supposed to default he wants you to default to the idea that since he already spoke out in 2017 about
about equity issues and lost his job for $500,000 that now we should assume that in 2020 he would
have obviously been very far ahead of this in 2021 he would have been even farther ahead of this
no in 2020 he was reassuring that the narrative of a lab leak was already out there and circulating
in the background so that the worst case scenario would be plausible
so that the worst case scenario that Kevin McCarran was selling would be plausible so,
that the worst case scenario that Richard Fleming was selling would be possible
so that the worst case scenario that some of these these virologists were claiming
would be possible so that the the gate of function papers would be relevant he had Yuri
Dagen on the Russian entrepreneur who seems to claims to be investigating longevity.
And was a member of drastic and a guy who blocked me on Twitter. The moment that I decided that I
think we should fight against transfection more than we should worry about the origin of the virus
anymore. And I still can't see his tweets on Twitter even though I reviewed his paper about
the fear and cleavage site while I was still a faculty at the University of Pittsburgh. You can
look it up. I reviewed four of those fear and cleavage site papers because I got sucked in
hook, line and sinker by a group of people called drastic who were publishing those papers.
Mona and her husband that published the Mo Yang mind paper were in drastic. That's how I met them
and could become a reviewer. That's how Yuri Dagen and I got connected. That's why Dan and I
were in drastic together because I was reviewing Dan's paper. And so I got used. I got sucked in.
I got my ego stroked. Oh, you're going to help us. Oh, this is great. You're such an integral part
of this. Wow, isn't it amazing. Hey, guys, I think we should also fight against transfection.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. This is about the origin. We're trying to figure out where the
virus came from. We're not going to talk about transfection. We don't have anything to say about
that. Really? Yeah, so much so that you're out. That's the story of drastic at a nutshell for me.
And so the the lab leak narrative was seeded by the intellectual dark web by an actual interview
with Yuri Dagen, the guy who was one of the few people who was given the gift of the
fear and cleavage site in 2020 and the fear and cleavage site doesn't mean squat anymore.
But it was so important for more than two years, ladies and gentlemen, they argued about that
being a key evidence point.
And Brett Weinstein, curiously enough, was one of the few people on YouTube that has a
interview with Yuri Dagen. And I don't think it's off YouTube. I don't think it's down.
Because he was part of seeding the worst case scenario narrative and making sure that the
worst case scenario narrative was never discredited, never discounted, never doubted.
That's what happened to us, ladies and gentlemen.
Team to fight some historic battle against a terrible evil.
All of those people are now at least somewhat awake. They've now been picked on by the same
enemy. And yeah, all right, we're outgunned. It has a tremendous amount of power. But we've
got all of the people who know how to think. So I hate to say it, or maybe I like to say it,
but I don't think it's a slam dunk, but I like our odds.
I've never met a more fooling biologist.
Brett Weinstein, amazing conversation. Bless you. Thank you for that.
What did he say?
I've never met a more fooling biologist.
Brett Weinstein, amazing conversation. Bless you.
I've never met a more fluent biologist. Did he really just say that?
Is that really what he said?
Hour, but we've got all of the people who know how to think.
So I hate to say it, or maybe I like to say it, but I don't think it's a slam dunk, but I like
our odds. I've never met a more fooling biologist.
Brett Weinstein, amazing conversation. Bless you. Thank you for that.
Thank you. I appreciate it.
Bless you. Thank you for that. Oh, my gosh. Can I vomit?
A more fluid biologist. If that wasn't the most forced,
if that wasn't the most forced
and comment and end laughter I've ever seen, I don't know what is.
A more fluent biologist. What does that even mean?
It's funny because someone else tweeted,
tweet promoted that video and said that he's a master teacher.
And I think Meryl Nass actually also retweeted that video and said that it's just extraordinary
and she's never heard a better explanation of the situation than that one.
Don't you see how it all works? Don't you see how this all works?
Meryl Nass has never seen a better interview than Brett Weinstein's interview.
Meryl Nass is the most important substact she's ever written was one that defended Robert Malone's honor.
Brett Weinstein and Jessica Rose and Meryl Nass met
Denny Rancor and saw his presentation in Romania.
They're completely and totally aware that he has evidence to show that the excess mortality
from the shot is in old people and it's awful for them. He's got evidence that there is no
spread in any of these geographic locations and the shots have raised all cause mortality.
That's the third conclusion and the only one that they ever push is the third conclusion.
Robert Malone, Brett Weinstein, and Steve Kirsch did their famous podcast in June right after
Byron Brittle threw away his career in Canada to reveal the Japanese document which showed
that the lipid nanoparticle goes everywhere that you don't want it to go.
What is this Steven Hatfield doing in Romania? Steven Hatfield is like 70 years old. He should
be a retired guy on a horse farm and instead he's going to Romania to meet with the rest of these
people. Did Andrew Tate pay for this? What is going on here? Why do all these Americans need
to go to Romania? One of the most corrupt countries in the European Union. What is going on here?
And now why is it that when Brett Weinstein is on Tucker Carlson not questioning the fundamental
narrative coming out as though he was a leader when he wasn't, he clearly didn't save anyone
from the shot. It took him almost four years to say the word transfection out loud and then he
still doesn't cop to the fact that he didn't use the word. He doesn't cop to the fact that he
gave the shot more credit, not we he. Whenever he was making excuses in that interview, whenever
he was saying that we fell short, he was saying we not he. I don't say it that way. I made the
mistake. I got sucked in, but very specifically I got sucked in by people like him.
People like him doubting me on signal chats and the other people in that signal chat doubting me
are not backing me up when I had the bay that I had the biology nailed. Who was in that signal
chat? Not just me, not just Brett and Heather. And all of those people are medlers now. All of
those people were medlers then because they were all part of team worst case scenario to make sure
that people like me who were saying that whatever this RNA signal is, it ain't worth taking a
transfection for to make sure that people like me did not rise in prominence, that people like me
were not listened to. And that the use as much as much of the useful information, the real dead
on balls, accurate biology that I had would be co-opted by people like Brett Weinstein.
And what did they do to Denny rank core? They co-opted the only useful biology had, which is
that the shots are bad. That was already a conclusion that they wanted to go with. Now they're going
to go and blame it on the on the spike protein again, probably. But they're not saying there was no
evidence for spread. They're not saying that there was no justification for the rollout of these
shots. That would be a completely different message. And even if Denny wants to send it,
they're never going to amplify it. And because they all had breakfast together and spent time
in a foreign country, they are never going to fight again in public. And they're never going to
complain about each other's selective amplification of the ideas of Denny rank core.
But Denny rank core is fine to complain that Robert F Kennedy doesn't promote his ideas.
That Robert F Kennedy's book is missing the fact that there's no evidence of spread,
but he doesn't have any problem with Brett Weinstein not saying it on Tucker Carlson.
He didn't have any problem with Brett Weinstein not saying it on Tucker Carlson.
That's okay. Brett Weinstein's doing his best. At least he said 17 million, right?
You got to see it for what it is, ladies and gentlemen, we have been
if you haven't seen the movie The Sting, that's what you really need to see. The movie The Sting
is probably the best movie to illustrate what happened. If you get enough people together,
enough talented people together, you can pull off a heist. The world's never imagined possible.
A heist where the entire globe is hoodwinked into believing that there was a novel virus that
killed millions of people that millions more were saved from that was likely gain a function
and it will probably come again. And they're going to keep doubling down and pretending that
they were ahead and that they're just the default leaders because they're the ones that are the
fluent biologists. And they're going to get our kids on this train. They're responsible for our
kids being on this train. Brett is responsible for our kids and our college kids still being on this
train where we have defeated disease in the past with the very elegant technology called
vaccination. The novel coronaviruses can jump species and that can pandemic and that that
bush meets a problem. The PCR works pretty well as a test that asymptomatic spread is real. These
are all things that Brett didn't bring into question at all in that video, even though they are
definitely in question. Variants are evidence of spread in the evolution of a single virus. There's
no questioning that and Brett's any of Brett's movements. And we spend money on gaining function
research and it's very dangerous is definitely something that Brett believes in. Our college kids
our children, our high school kids, everybody that watches Brett Weinstein and the intellectual
dark web people and YouTube and Grogan and all of them, they're all on this train. All of them are
on this train right now. And we have about a year or a year and a half to get them off before they
will be on it forever. That's what you need to see. This new world order still has the possibility
of being broken. This cartoon can still be made fun of, but it won't be forever. My kids teachers
are already broken. The erasure is about to be forgotten and the lie will become the truth.
So of course we know we've gone over it how it's created. I really do think that three and four,
especially for the seating of the narrative by a worst case scenario team of people with security
clearance or at least read in enough so they know they have to keep their mouth shut. These people
were vital and they looked around on the internet for people like me and then they streamed with them
to make sure that they could try and influence them. They made friends with them. They showed
up at their house. And lots of them have been to Pittsburgh, ladies and gentlemen, let's see.
One, two, oh no, sorry, one, two, three, four, and then many in Boston, a few in Knoxville.
I mean, it's just extraordinary how many of these people I've met in person and only because
of me. There are a couple people who went to the inaugural CHD conference in Knoxville just
because they found out I was going. And at least four of these people have come to Pittsburgh to
visit my house and I've not let them to my house, but they've been to my town and we've met.
This is not a game. This is real.
And it was for all the marbles. It's still for all the marbles. It's still for all the marbles.
Got to advocate for a pause on all childhood vaccines. You got to advocate for strict
liability on all pharmaceutical products. We've got to investigate the mass casualty events that
were misconstrued as spread. We got to investigate the possibility that transfection or aerosolized
toxins were used to see the idea of a pandemic much in the same way that Mad Dog Giordano describes
in the video that I always play at the beginning of this stream. We need to reclaim sovereignty
over our bodies and those of our children and we need to urge Congress to remove us from the
the who in the UN entirely and to disrupt or rather dismantle the CDC.
What I want is high morbidity. I want people to complain. So what do I do? I go to Des Moines.
Ladies and gentlemen, people on the screen, I have nothing against Des Moines. I live there
for four years. I go to Des Moines. I infect a couple of sentinel cases in Des Moines.
I go to Seattle. I infect a couple of cases there. I go to North Carolina. I go to Wisconsin.
What I'm doing is I'm using a dispersion methodology to be able to infect sentinel cases
with a highly morbid condition. These individuals complain. Again, this is a central nervous system
condition. So they're complaining of whatever the bug may do. It'll produce some cascade of
neurological and neuropsychiatric signs and symptoms. And then what I do, the real bug that I
use is the internet. He speaks this best. I take attribution for that. Yes, I'm a terrorist group.
And I have done this by infecting with a highly little agent and the first signs and symptoms
of lethality are X, Y, and Z. These people are really sick with this. But then I say,
others who are also infected will show subdramal, predrome signs of lethality and what that will
be is anxiety, sleeplessness, agitation. What I've now done is I've got every individual who is
diagnostically hypochondriacal and I've got every individual who's worried well flooding the public
health system banging on the door. The CDC comes back and says, nonsense. That's not real. I come
back and say, that's fake news. And as a consequence of doing that, what I do is I create a schism
between the polis and the public health system. I fracture the integrity of trust and reliance
upon the population and its government. And so I want to be very clear here. I think these two
things here are very important. The COVID hospital protocols capable of increasing all
cause mortality, but they are ignored and emergency social policies capable of increasing all
cause mortality that are ignored. So you need people in place who are going to ignore those
things. You need people in place that aren't going to freely admit that the incorrect treatment
of people with a respiratory disease, especially the non use of antibiotics could really cause
trouble. And the people that were going to talk about that were going to be able to use alternative
medicines needed to be on narrative with regard to hydroxychloroquine and Ivermectin. So that even
if Ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine were given in combination with antibiotics and steroids,
both of which would know would most likely be helpful, the narrative that these people were
required to stick to and the narrative that the media stuck to was scrutinizing hydroxychloroquine
and Ivermectin for effectiveness without ever admitting that they were being administered
with these other things that were known to be withheld from the COVID protocols to begin with.
So anyway, this is a list that I think also could be used to summarize what happened and how they
seeded the pandemic idea and the Scooby-Doo itself, which is convincing the public a
lab leak cover up is happening before their eyes and use island nations to demonstrate that lockdowns
work and very vocal and angry leaders of those nations to say that those people owed them their
lives for them making such a difficult choice to lock them down, even though they know that it's
a very difficult thing to weigh, you know, your rights versus your, your freedoms and this kind of
thing. And the way that they covered this entire operation up was to debate everything very vigorously
to have very, very vocal and angry and energetic discussions about everything but the novel virus
that was killing millions of people and the existence of gain of function. None of those
things were questioned at all. And there were a few people that were questioning them though,
it was very hard for people to connect with those people. I will give credit where credits do. I do
think that the Bailey's were questioning gain of function as a mythology but the way that you,
the way that we could communicate with them was very limited and the way that they communicated
whether people was very limited and I've shown you the email that I've sent to the Bailey's,
I always wanted to interview them and it just never really worked out. And then we had a lot
of very high friction encounters once I started to become associated with Bobby and CHD.
I had a lot of high friction encounters with these no virus people. And it might have been because
of my association with Bobby and they really don't. A lot of these same people think that
that Bobby is somehow, I don't know, controlled opposition has opposed to being a kid who was
when he was 14 already attempted to be influenced by every adult in his life for the rest of his
life and left alone in his understanding of who his father and who his uncle were
and now an adult having been influenced by other adults since he was 14.
I don't know. For me it's very easy to be optimistic that Bobby is a kid who's been on a
revenge mission since he was 14 years old and he was smart enough to know that all these adults
were lying to him from then on. If he was eight when his dad died I might think okay maybe these
adults were able to bamboozle him. But they tried drugs, they tried murder, they tried everything,
right? If he if anyone is aware of how keeping your enemies close is actually a pretty good idea.
And so if you're super optimistic about it, you know, it could be our last hope is
Bobby, Bobby Kennedy. I mean it's possible that he's just waiting to get the keys to the White
House and then he's going to say that the whole vaccine schedule needs to be torpedoed
and the NIH needs to be torpedoed and that academic science needs to be fundamentally
reorganized. Maybe he's going to do all of that once he gets the keys to the White House if he
gets the keys to the White House. I have a feeling that the people that are running this show
will take drastic measures if things don't go the way that they plan them to go. Whatever that plan
is. And so as optimistic as I am I also know that we are up against what Brent Weinstein called
Goliath. I'm sure it's much more than Goliath. It's it's four or five weaponized piles of money,
if not 10. And they may all sit down and talk very nicely to each other across the big table,
but in private they are all competing for all the marbles. And the foundation of the illusion
for which they are competing to control us all is this illusion of consensus about a dangerous
novel virus that's been going around the world for going on five years. It's killed seven million
people. And it's this faith in a novel virus that we don't want our kids to be trapped in. We need
them to understand that it's a lie. There was likely there is likely a background signal that
was never characterized. It's just been misconstrued as spread. Everything else is smoking mirrors.
They have lots of tricks that they could have pulled in order to make sure that the molecular
biology lined up wherever it needed to line up. And it seems to become more and more obvious
every day that there seems to be a real effort to absolutely destroy the fundamental fabric of
the American culture and the culture of the West through delusion and migration through
destruction of infrastructure and destruction of the the very foundation of the culture making us
question who we are as a society by fracturing us in such a way that we can't even talk to our
neighbors anymore. This is a real real open wound that exists that no one has bothered to put any
pressure on yet. But the moment they decide to put pressure on it everybody in America is going to
feel the pain. And I'm very, very pessimistic about how they're going to do it. But it's most
likely going to have something to do with the election or soon after.
But they did it for all of these things. They did it to avoid this exponential increase in
Medicare costs that they knew that was coming because Medicare is a not an option in the
congressional budget. It's a real must pay number. To protect against the growing skepticism and
vaccines is also another reason why it had to happen when it happened. To transition to digital
currencies absolutely to transition to genetic vaccines absolutely to confound the toxicity of
an imaginary or or planted RNA signal with transfection to allow the pandemic to prove
transfection successful absolutely to transition the youth into submission
and full digital control absolutely to edify the mythology of pandemic viruses absolutely
to disrupt family formation absolutely that dating is not what it used to be
going out to the bar isn't what it used to be meeting strangers isn't what it used to be
and that's disrupting family formation. It's it's shortening the the lifespan of billions of
people to avoid this ever increasing cost to keep old people alive absolutely to kill a billion
people with a gain of function virus. I don't think so. To destroy the cultural
wolf fabric of America the rest yes and to help create the chaos necessary for a fundamental
reorganization of how the world's governed I think absolutely. And so there are players
there are people who've signed on wittingly or unwittingly to be a part of this governing structure
maybe the words weren't used that way but they knew they were signing on to something that wasn't
completely kosher that was based on exaggeration that was based on assumptions that aren't totally
true but they did it for comfort for fame to be part of the ruling elite
and it's this idea that this pandemic potential is accessible in the laboratory that produces this
worst-case scenario that allows them to talk about gain of function mythology to try and change
your kids minds. It's these books that have been written the stories that have been told
that are going to enslave our children and I blame these people who were involved in
seeding the worst-case scenario involved in making us making it really hard for the critical mass
to form in 2020 never mind in 2000 or in 2021 never mind in 2020 they made it almost impossible
for the critical mass to realize they made it impossible for the critical mass to realize that
this was just a transfection they made it impossible for the critical masses to realize that maybe
this was just an endemic background virus all along and I had that idea for so long ladies and
gentlemen so long people have been trying to distort that into something more complicated than
just they didn't know what was in the background they've characterized the background and then
using that characterization they they rolled out the background as evidence of spread
and all of these people in the car with me have been ignoring all of these insights all of these
great ideas all of these more parsimonious explanations for what's going on they've all
been ignoring it and they've all been insisting we should argue about this when I got in the car
with drastic that's what they did to me when I got in the car with Brett Weinstein and the
rest of the people in that signal chat that's what they did to me in fact every car I've gotten into
that's what they've done to me without exception think very carefully about what that means
because the illusion of consensus runs deep
it makes people very afraid to speak up because they don't want to go against the consensus it's
one great big giant ash conformity experiment and the faith in the novel virus is agreed on by so
many people that people are afraid to question it maybe that's why Brett doesn't open his mouth
but I think that's not the case stop lying
we got to get out of this car ladies and gentlemen it doesn't matter much at all what you believe
about vaccines until we invent really important ones you know until we have not a mistake killing
everyone you know this is not accidental it's not it's you know measles plus and okay I can
tolerate what you think about me accidentally happened he didn't accidentally say these
things on Brett's a big hassle in the end but on December no when when we have this new pandemic
that is you know got some absolute mortality and it's not it's there'll be no pretense of being
polite in the face of these beliefs it'll be a moral emergency because it has to be and
this is just sheer contingency as to whether we're in one condition or another it's intolerable
what he said it's intolerable what they said on this podcast that that hey folks welcome to
the dark horse pod that herd immunity was something they were demonstrating that no
master needed for them because they're special that they could end the pandemic if we just locked
down harder or use these combination of repurposed drugs like an SSRI inhibitor with ivermectin for
60 days definitely in need of new things covid zero covid is possible in this video
Brett is still advocating for the idea that if we just did things right if we could force
everybody to take drugs if we could force vaccinate everybody this would be over or if we just
distributed ivermectin and taught everybody the secret mason's secret of how to use it
of the utmost importance a year and a half after breaking ladies and gentlemen also a final
spread of scarier ideas is much more terrifying than the spread of any RNA virus i am sure of that
now i've never been more sure of it in my life and i want more than anything to make sure that
other people understand this because it's really really the case it's really true it's real life
this is the this is the way that we end it we end it right now we can end it right now if we want to
and unlike how Brett was describing it we can end it by telling the truth we really can and i think
the way to do it is to see the medlers for who they are and if we see the medlers for who they are
then everything will be fine they will never advocate against all childhood vaccination in
america they will never advocate for the specific evidence that the american schedule in its abundance
and in its timing can be compared with any other vaccination schedule in the western world and
can be seen on its face as criminal none of these people are ever going to say that
they do not advocate for strict liability for all pharmaceutical products they're going to talk
about fighting the who but they're never going to talk about fighting the prep act or the 1986
vaccine act Brett will never say that Brett will say the who is what we got to be afraid of
Brett will never say get rid of the cdc he's talking about the who
Meryl nass is starting a new Meryl nass is starting a new non-profit
that's supposed to fight the who what can't Meryl nass do under the banner of chd that she can do
under the banner of her own non-profit what a weird what a weird thing right you know
somebody who's been working as a scientific as a primary consultant to chd as far as i
understand that before the pandemic she was the face of of of of i mean like the advisor as far
as i understood and so if she's the one of these big advisors of chd it seems to me if she thinks
that the priority should be fighting the who that chd could probably uh she could probably do
that under chd's banner chd probably doesn't like the who either as far as i can guess
so it's strange that she thinks that she's got to start a new non-profit to fight the who
and doesn't want to fight the vaccine schedule in america doesn't want to fight the prep act
doesn't want to get rid of the vaccine act from 1986 but wants to fight the who in the who treaty
make everybody aware of the who treaty is it a treaty or an executive agreement does it really
count as something that's part of the constitution that also seems to be a little great they seem
to be really happy to have us jump to the conclusion that if the who pandemic treaty passes that the
u.s. government and all these other governments that have signed on are just s o l that seems to
be a pretty important message that bret and maryll agree on don't forget they had breakfast in romania
they are unable to use the word transfection effectively up until very very very very recently
and i've only heard bret use it i haven't heard uh denny rancor call them transfections i he
actually says the vaccines have killed people i haven't heard maryll nass ever call them transfections
although you know maybe it's just easier to call them all vaccines i haven't heard
steven hatville call them transfections although i'm sure he's been in the field way long enough
to know that they are transfections just like robert malone has been in the field way long
enough to know that they're transfections but it's never really called them that
so i think that's where we're that's where we should be here we should be looking at and listening
to them very carefully looking at the historical record of what they said and realized that these
truths were known to them from the beginning but they chose not to reveal them
there were doors to freedom that could have been open that weren't opened
and now they're being opened as if as if these people were always fighting to get them open but
they weren't they were acting as if they didn't exist they were acting as if they've always been
fighting against these things when they haven't
that's really where this extraordinary thing comes to light because they attack people instead
of ideas they complain about division and they can't summarize across the entire show
and even though all these various people are saying that Brett Weinstein has just summarized
it better than anyone i think i've made it very clear in the last two shows that he didn't summarize
jack what he did was obfuscate the truth what he did was protect the faith in the novel virus
what he did was reinforce the narrative of the state whatever that is of these weaponized piles
of money that are trying to usurp and control demolish what we call the west and specifically
america as Brett said the west is pretty much destroyed it's gone it's dissolved it's
fallen apart it's collapsed and what we have remaining remaining is an echo of the west
i think a lot of those people in that group photo and remaining would probably agree
and be happy to say it on any podcast they got invited to
ladies and gentlemen we are at a time point where human diversity as an add a peak for all time
and that's why they're very interested in getting our grandchildren on board with the idea that all
their data should be community you should do your part you should give in your data you should surrender
to the digital id system because it's convenient but also very very very safe
ladies and gentlemen stop all transfections and humans because they are trying to eliminate
the control group by any means necessary they are trying to eliminate the dissidents by any means
necessary and that's going to include absorbing all the good ideas absorbing all of the ideas
they possibly can and claim them for their own so that they can put their own spokespeople in front
and continue to pretend to be you know really opposing things when in reality they are
absolutely positively sculpting the limited spectrum of debate which will enslave our
children forever i have no doubt in my mind that this is what's going on and that's why we need
to make sure that our teenagers grow up understanding that intramuscular injection of any combination
of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb we need our teenagers
to grow up understanding the transfection and healthy humans is criminally negligent because
thousands if not millions of adults knew better from their professional experience as biologists
the transfection was an inappropriate therapeutic for anything and finally viruses are not pattern
integrity is it something that all biologists need to explore and learn because almost all of us
were clueless about this before the pandemic
and that's why we got sucked into it that's how i got sucked into it
and people playing you know memes like uh bimbo bailey kept me from connecting with those people
people that were really just trying to see worst-case scenario and make sure nobody figured it out
that's that's why we're here and we need to find these people identify these people
because that's how we're going to win by discrediting them and
targeting everyone to see them for the medlers that they are it's team worst-case scenario
see you guys again soon these are the supporters of giggle and biological thank them all very very
much for the production of this show and for my time especially for greg and his support
but yeah it's a lot of people and i can use all the subscribers i can get because uh i think if
we reach a certain threshold this is just never going to stop and it's going to instead be evolve
into maybe one of the best scientific or biological news programs on the internet and you would be a
part of of making that possible there's never going to be any corporate sponsorship here is just
going to be families fighting for other families and uh i'm very proud to say that i'm i'm i'm really
that's the plan it's families fighting for other families um and so if you like what i'm doing and
you have the means please share my work if you like what i'm doing and you have the means please
support my work thank you very much you can find me at giggleonbiological.com and i'll see you again
tomorrow